user database snapshot for particular timestamp (#4187)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

   :statuscode 409: No user is logged in, imported file is for an older version of the schema or file can't be loaded or format is not valid.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error
   :statuscode 507: Filesystem error, probably related to size.

Export database snapshot to CSV
================================

.. http:get:: /api/(version)/snapshot/export

   Doing a GET on the snapshot export endpoint will export the database snapshot for the specified timestamp to CSV files and save them in the given directory.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

>       GET /api/1/snapshot/export?timestamp=133899009&path=/home/user/Documents HTTP/1.1
>       Host: localhost:5042
> 
>    :param str path: The directory in which to write the exported CSV files
>    :param str timestamp: The epoch timestamp representing the day of the snapshot to be returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      POST /api/1/snapshot/export HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042
      Content-Type: application/json;charset=UTF-8

      {
          "path": "/home/user/Documents",
          "timestamp": 133899009
      }

   :reqjson str path: The directory in which to write the exported CSV files
   :reqjson int timestamp: The epoch timestamp representing the time of the snapshot to be returned
```

Also note the type of the timestamp parameter is a integer

   **Example Response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: application/json

      {
          "result": true
          "message": ""
      }

   :resjson bool result: Boolean denoting success or failure of the query
   :statuscode 200: Files were exported successfully
   :statuscode 400: Provided query parameters are in some way malformed or given string is not a directory.
   :statuscode 409: No user is currently logged in. No snapshot data found for the given timestamp. No permissions to write in the given directory. Check error message.
   :statuscode 500: Internal rotki error.

Downloading a database backup
=================================

.. http:get:: /api/(version)/snapshot/download

   Doing a GET on the snapshot download endpoint will download database snapshot for the specified timestamp as a zip file.

   **Example Request**:

   .. http:example:: curl wget httpie python-requests

      GET /api/1/snapshot/export?timestamp=133899009 HTTP/1.1
      Host: localhost:5042

>    :param str timestamp: The epoch timestamp representing the day of the snapshot to be returned

Reviewer: Please also change this to POST as above

   **Example Response**:

   .. sourcecode:: http

      HTTP/1.1 200 OK
      Content-Type: application/zip

   :statuscode 200: Snapshot was downloaded successfully.

>    :statuscode 400: Provided timestamp query paramater is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :statuscode 400: Provided timestamp query parameter is missing.
```
